alright what is going on guys to palawan
and today we have for you 167 kills on
the map instinct by carnage enigma this
gameplay is pretty sick hopefully do
enjoy make sure to check out carnage
enigmas channel down in the description
below if you want to see more game plays
like this definitely do that and today's
commentary toffee is something I've been
really excited to talk about and that is
call of duty statistics something i
really like i love statistics especially
about call of duty and i'm not sure if
i'ma be able to cover everything that i
want to talk about in today's video if I
won't if I can't I'll let you guys know
at the end of this video and we'll do a
part 2 if you guys want to see it enough
um so if you guys like call duty
statistics or you want to see more call
of duty statistics let's shoot for a
thousand likes if we don't hit that
that's completely fine just throwing it
out there let's get right into it so
this article that I'm gonna be reading
off is is uh from June of 2014 so I'm
not sure if these are out of dates but
it's only been a year and so I don't
really think it has been um I could be
wrong but I I think I'm pretty accurate
it's it's not that out of date so
hopefully I'm correct on that but the
first statistic is that modern warfare 3
is the fastest selling game of all time
modern 43 sold 8.8 million copies in its
first month breaking every sales record
set prior in fact the previous record
holder was another call of duty called
title call of duty black ops at eight
million in sales um now i'm not sure i'm
pretty sure i don't think this has been
meeting i could be wrong but i'm not
sure the next one is that modern 43 made
more money than Hollywood during its
launch model for three made 775 million
in the first five days which is just
ridiculous and that's far more than
avatar the current highest growing movie
so I think that's been beaten I'm pretty
sure like furious 7 has destroyed that
so that's not like sure anymore actually
should have read that I just an
interesting statistic for its time
another one is gamers play almost 2,000
years of Call of Duty a day now I don't
I find it very hard to believe very hard
to believe but supposedly it's true the
next one is the real cost of all UAVs
destroyed could pay off the US budget so
that's pretty interesting there's a 813
million UAVs have been destroyed and
called video online matches if you must
when that number by the cost of real
life drones was 4.3 million you get 3.4
quadrillion or enough to pay the US
federal spending budget 5422 times the
next one is that call of duty has been
played for 25 billion hour 25 billion
now in today's age billion gets thrown
around a lot so you gotta really grasp
how large that number is now says when
you put together all the time spent by
every player playing call of duty back
to back you get over 2.8 5 million years
of place on as long as in humans have
existed on earth in fact if you were to
go back in time to point eight five
million years it was still being
distinguishable from other great apes
yes call duty as managed to outpace
evolution the next fact is that eight
billion multiplayer matches have been
played that is ridiculous that is so
many matches its that's just insane to
me the next one is I call of duty's
daily players could fill 80 of the
world's largest sports says the
activision has logged over 5 million
people playing call of duty at once in
days of black ops and modern warfare 2
now those are the times that I wish we
could go back to that was just insane
times I played black ops during its
prime and at that time I didn't really
like admire call duty that much or like
play it that much so I didn't really
realize how crazy 5 million people
playing at once was but I wasn't around
during mud or for it to and I just wish
those times we come back were lots of
people play the game I this fact is
probably my favorite players have
respawned 1.9 quadrillion time 1.9
quadrillion times it says that we didn't
expect the number to be the equivalent
of a world's population dying two
hundred and sixty-six thousand times hey
at least you know that you weren't the
only one with a terrible KD ratio ah so
that's pretty interesting 30 1 billion
care packages have been dropped and 100
million people have played call of duty
100 million that's that's insane I think
there's eight billion people on earth ah
so that's just the ratio there is just
ridiculous it says one number one entry
and one number one entry in the list and
this list of Call of Duty facts that
will blow your mind is a big one 100
million people have played call of duty
as a larger population than most
countries that the entries in call of
duty fan base form to country they have
a grid greater population in Germany
France and the United Kingdom it would
be credible they would be a credible
international military threat as long as
they aren't new to be so that's just an
insane statistic call of duty really is
an incredible franchise I love the
franchise and I wish you'd come back to
it's like strong days and um it's just
insane leaving numbers that called it he
has is absolutely ridiculous and the
last statistic I want to bring up is uh
actually let me see if I can find it Oh
as of 2013 32.3 quadrillion shots have
been fired in call of duty I so anyways
guys that's been my time hopefully you
did enjoyed today's video I actually
have lots of more statistics that I can
share with you with some really
interesting images and charts so if you
want to see another one of these videos
let's try to shoot for a thousand likes
if not it's completely fine i'll
probably make another video anyways just
throwing it out there definitely support
us if you did enjoy this video it really
means a lot hopefully you guys are
having a great day and I'll see you guys
later